>>> OKAY.
>>> OKAY. WE ARE ABOUT TO TALK ABOUT THE
WE ARE ABOUT TO TALK ABOUT THE MOST IMPORTANT STORY OF THE DAY
MOST IMPORTANT STORY OF THE DAY THAT DONALD TRUMP DOESN’T WANT
THAT DONALD TRUMP DOESN’T WANT US TO TALK ABOUT.
US TO TALK ABOUT. EVERY DAY THERE ARE STORIES THAT
EVERY DAY THERE ARE STORIES THAT DONALD TRUMP DOESN’T WANT US TO
DONALD TRUMP DOESN’T WANT US TO TALK ABOUT, AND HE IS LUCKY
TALK ABOUT, AND HE IS LUCKY BECAUSE WE OFTEN DON’T GET TO
BECAUSE WE OFTEN DON’T GET TO MANY OF THE STORIES, LIKE FOR
MANY OF THE STORIES, LIKE FOR EXAMPLE, THE RAMPANT CORRUPTION
EXAMPLE, THE RAMPANT CORRUPTION IN HIS CABINET FROM SCOTT PRUITT
IN HIS CABINET FROM SCOTT PRUITT TO WILBUR ROSS.
TO WILBUR ROSS. BUT TONIGHT THERE IS ONE STORY
BUT TONIGHT THERE IS ONE STORY ABOVE ALL OTHERS THAT IS BY FAR
ABOVE ALL OTHERS THAT IS BY FAR THE MOST IMPORTANT STORY THAT
THE MOST IMPORTANT STORY THAT DONALD TRUMP DOESN’T WANT US TO
DONALD TRUMP DOESN’T WANT US TO TALK ABOUT, THE BIGGEST STORY.
TALK ABOUT, THE BIGGEST STORY. REMEMBER THE $19 TRILLION?
REMEMBER THE $19 TRILLION? >> WE HAVE $19 TRILLION IN DEBT
>> WE HAVE $19 TRILLION IN DEBT GOING VERY SOON TO $21 TRILLION
GOING VERY SOON TO $21 TRILLION BECAUSE WE MADE A BAD BUDGET
BECAUSE WE MADE A BAD BUDGET DEAL.
DEAL. NOW WE’RE GOING TO HAVE $21
NOW WE’RE GOING TO HAVE $21 TRILLION IN DEBT.
TRILLION IN DEBT. WELL DON’T HAVE ANY MONEY.
WELL DON’T HAVE ANY MONEY. >> WE HAVE GOT A MESS IN THIS
>> WE HAVE GOT A MESS IN THIS COUNTRY.
COUNTRY. WE OWE $19 TRILLION, SOON TO BE
WE OWE $19 TRILLION, SOON TO BE $21 TRILLION.
$21 TRILLION. >> WE HAVE RIGHT NOW $19
>> WE HAVE RIGHT NOW $19 TRILLION IN DEBT.
TRILLION IN DEBT. SO I BUILT SOME OF THE GREAT
SO I BUILT SOME OF THE GREAT ASSETS, LOW DEBT, GREAT CASH
ASSETS, LOW DEBT, GREAT CASH FLOW, AND I SAY IT FOR A
FLOW, AND I SAY IT FOR A DIFFERENT REASON, BECAUSE THAT’S
DIFFERENT REASON, BECAUSE THAT’S THE KIND OF THINKING WE NEED IN
THE KIND OF THINKING WE NEED IN OUR COUNTRY NOW OR WE’RE NOT
OUR COUNTRY NOW OR WE’RE NOT GOING HAVE A COUNTRY LEFT.
GOING HAVE A COUNTRY LEFT. WE’RE NOT GOING TO HAVE
WE’RE NOT GOING TO HAVE LITERALLY, WE’RE NOT GOING TO
LITERALLY, WE’RE NOT GOING TO HAVE A COUNTRY LEFT.
HAVE A COUNTRY LEFT. >> I THOUGHT WE WEREN’T GOING TO
>> I THOUGHT WE WEREN’T GOING TO HAVE A COUNTRY LEFT IF WE DIDN’T
HAVE A COUNTRY LEFT IF WE DIDN’T ARREST ENOUGH BABIES AT THE
ARREST ENOUGH BABIES AT THE SOUTHERN BORDERS.
SOUTHERN BORDERS. BUT OKAY.
BUT OKAY. WE’RE NOT GOING TO LITERALLY,
WE’RE NOT GOING TO LITERALLY, WE’RE NOT GOING TO HAVE A
WE’RE NOT GOING TO HAVE A COUNTRY LEFT BECAUSE OF THE
COUNTRY LEFT BECAUSE OF THE NATIONAL DEBT.
NATIONAL DEBT. SO TONIGHT DONALD TRUMP HAS DONE
SO TONIGHT DONALD TRUMP HAS DONE EVERYTHING HE CAN TO MAKE SURE
EVERYTHING HE CAN TO MAKE SURE THAT AS HE PUTS IT, WE ARE NOT
THAT AS HE PUTS IT, WE ARE NOT GOING HAVE A COUNTRY LEFT
GOING HAVE A COUNTRY LEFT BECAUSE AS PRESIDENT, HE HAS
BECAUSE AS PRESIDENT, HE HAS PUSHED US UP TO THAT $21
PUSHED US UP TO THAT $21 TRILLION IN NATIONAL DEBT, AND
TRILLION IN NATIONAL DEBT, AND HE IS NOW ON TRACK TO REACH NEW
HE IS NOW ON TRACK TO REACH NEW RECORD DEBT LEVELS WAY, WAY, WAY
RECORD DEBT LEVELS WAY, WAY, WAY ABOVE THAT.
ABOVE THAT. THE LATEST CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET
THE LATEST CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE PROJECTIONS OF THE DEBT
OFFICE PROJECTIONS OF THE DEBT MADE PUBLIC TODAY FOR THE FIRST
MADE PUBLIC TODAY FOR THE FIRST TIME SHOW THAT DURING THE TRUMP
TIME SHOW THAT DURING THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION, THE DEBT WILL
ADMINISTRATION, THE DEBT WILL DRAMATICALLY INCREASE EVERY DAY,
DRAMATICALLY INCREASE EVERY DAY, EVERY WEEK, EVERY YEAR WITH NO
EVERY WEEK, EVERY YEAR WITH NO END IN SIGHT.
END IN SIGHT. THE TRUMP TAX CUTS HAVE
THE TRUMP TAX CUTS HAVE SIGNIFICANTLY ACCELERATED WHAT
SIGNIFICANTLY ACCELERATED WHAT IS NOW DONALD TRUMP’S RUSH TO A
IS NOW DONALD TRUMP’S RUSH TO A FISCAL CRISIS, MUCH WORSE THAN
FISCAL CRISIS, MUCH WORSE THAN ANYTHING HE ENCOUNTERED IN HIS
ANYTHING HE ENCOUNTERED IN HIS ATLANTIC CITY CASINO
ATLANTIC CITY CASINO BANKRUPTCIES.
BANKRUPTCIES. THE TRUMP TARIFFS ARE DOING
THE TRUMP TARIFFS ARE DOING THEIR PART TOO.
THEIR PART TOO. THEY ARE ALREADY COSTING JOBS IN
THEY ARE ALREADY COSTING JOBS IN THE UNITED STATES, EVEN THOUGH
THE UNITED STATES, EVEN THOUGH DONALD TRUMP BELIEVED THAT THE
DONALD TRUMP BELIEVED THAT THE TARIFFS WOULD SAVE JOBS.
TARIFFS WOULD SAVE JOBS. THE TRUMP TARIFFS HAVE ACTUALLY
THE TRUMP TARIFFS HAVE ACTUALLY CREATED AN INCENTIVE FOR
CREATED AN INCENTIVE FOR AMERICAN MANUFACTURERS LIKE
AMERICAN MANUFACTURERS LIKE HARLEY-DAVIDSON TO MOVE
HARLEY-DAVIDSON TO MOVE PRODUCTION TO FOREIGN COUNTRIES
PRODUCTION TO FOREIGN COUNTRIES BECAUSE THE EUROPEAN UNION HAS
BECAUSE THE EUROPEAN UNION HAS ANNOUNCED RETALIATORY TARIFFS
ANNOUNCED RETALIATORY TARIFFS AGAINST THE TRUMP TARIFFS ON
AGAINST THE TRUMP TARIFFS ON PRODUCTS SOLD IN EUROPE THAT ARE
PRODUCTS SOLD IN EUROPE THAT ARE MADE IN THE USA.
MADE IN THE USA. NO SURPRISE THAT THEY WERE GOING
NO SURPRISE THAT THEY WERE GOING TO DO THAT.
TO DO THAT. AND SO HARLEY-DAVIDSON QUITE
AND SO HARLEY-DAVIDSON QUITE LOGICALLY CANNOT CONTINUE TO
LOGICALLY CANNOT CONTINUE TO SELL HARLEY-DAVIDSONS MADE IN
SELL HARLEY-DAVIDSONS MADE IN THE USA IN EUROPE THANKS TO
THE USA IN EUROPE THANKS TO DONALD TRUMP.
DONALD TRUMP. SO THEY WILL MAKE THEM IN SOME
SO THEY WILL MAKE THEM IN SOME OTHER COUNTRY.
OTHER COUNTRY. AND THEN SELL THEM IN EUROPE.
AND THEN SELL THEM IN EUROPE. THE TRUMP RESPONSE TO THAT, OF
THE TRUMP RESPONSE TO THAT, OF COURSE, IS A SERIES OF ANGRY AND
COURSE, IS A SERIES OF ANGRY AND UTTERLY INCOHERENT AND
UTTERLY INCOHERENT AND ECONOMICALLY ILLITERATE TWEETS.
ECONOMICALLY ILLITERATE TWEETS. THE HARLEY-DAVIDSON STORY HAS
THE HARLEY-DAVIDSON STORY HAS BEEN A BAD ONE FOR PRESIDENT
BEEN A BAD ONE FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP, BUT AT LEAST, AT LEAST NO
TRUMP, BUT AT LEAST, AT LEAST NO ONE’S TALKING ABOUT THE NATIONAL
ONE’S TALKING ABOUT THE NATIONAL DEBT.
DEBT. JOINING US NOW TO TALK ABOUT THE
JOINING US NOW TO TALK ABOUT THE NATIONAL DEBT, RON KLAIN, THE
NATIONAL DEBT, RON KLAIN, THE FORMER CHIEF OF STAFF TO VPTS
FORMER CHIEF OF STAFF TO VPTS JOE BIDEN AND AL GORE AND FORMER
JOE BIDEN AND AL GORE AND FORMER SENIOR AIDE TO OBAMA AND DAVID
SENIOR AIDE TO OBAMA AND DAVID CORN, WASHINGTON BUREAU CHIEF
CORN, WASHINGTON BUREAU CHIEF FOR MOTHER JONES AND THE
FOR MOTHER JONES AND THE CO-AUTHOR OF THE BEST-SELLING
CO-AUTHOR OF THE BEST-SELLING BOOK "RUSSIAN ROULETTE."
BOOK "RUSSIAN ROULETTE." HE IS ALSO AN MSNBC POLITICAL
HE IS ALSO AN MSNBC POLITICAL ANALYST.
ANALYST. RON, IT’S NOT EASY EVERY DAY TO
RON, IT’S NOT EASY EVERY DAY TO PICK WHAT’S THE BIGGEST STORY
PICK WHAT’S THE BIGGEST STORY THAT DONALD TRUMP DOESN’T WANT
THAT DONALD TRUMP DOESN’T WANT US TO TALK ABOUT.
US TO TALK ABOUT. BUT THE NATIONAL DEBT IS IT.
BUT THE NATIONAL DEBT IS IT. AND IT IS GOING TO BE
AND IT IS GOING TO BE FASCINATING TO TRY TO SEE HOW
FASCINATING TO TRY TO SEE HOW THE REPUBLICAN PARTY TURNS
THE REPUBLICAN PARTY TURNS AROUND, AS IT HAS ON RUSSIA AND
AROUND, AS IT HAS ON RUSSIA AND SO MANY THINGS AND DECIDES THAT
SO MANY THINGS AND DECIDES THAT DEBT IS GOOD, A HIGHER AND
DEBT IS GOOD, A HIGHER AND HIGHER NATIONAL DEBT IS A GOOD
HIGHER NATIONAL DEBT IS A GOOD THING BECAUSE THAT SEEMS TO BE
THING BECAUSE THAT SEEMS TO BE THE ONLY WAY FOR DONALD TRUMP TO
THE ONLY WAY FOR DONALD TRUMP TO ADDRESS IT.
ADDRESS IT. BECAUSE THERE IS NOTHING THEY’RE
BECAUSE THERE IS NOTHING THEY’RE GOING TO DO TO BRING IT DOWN.
GOING TO DO TO BRING IT DOWN. >> YEAH.
>> YEAH. I MEAN, THEY’RE NOT ONLY NOT
I MEAN, THEY’RE NOT ONLY NOT GOING TO BRING IT DOWN, AS YOU
GOING TO BRING IT DOWN, AS YOU SAID, LAWRENCE, THEY’RE
SAID, LAWRENCE, THEY’RE SKYROCKETING IT UP.
SKYROCKETING IT UP. THIS IS THE STORY OF A PROMISE
THIS IS THE STORY OF A PROMISE BROKEN AND AN ODD PROMISE KEPT
BROKEN AND AN ODD PROMISE KEPT TRUMP PROMISE HEAD WOULD GET RID
TRUMP PROMISE HEAD WOULD GET RID OF ALL THE NATIONAL DEBT, TOTAL,
OF ALL THE NATIONAL DEBT, TOTAL, WIPE IT OUT WHILE HE WAS
WIPE IT OUT WHILE HE WAS PRESIDENT.
PRESIDENT. INSTEAD HE IS GOING TO RAISE TO
INSTEAD HE IS GOING TO RAISE TO IT A RECORD LEVEL.
IT A RECORD LEVEL. THAT’S A BIG PROMISE BROKEN.
THAT’S A BIG PROMISE BROKEN. THE PROMISE HE HAS KEPT IS HE
THE PROMISE HE HAS KEPT IS HE SAID HIS DEFICIT WOULD BE
SAID HIS DEFICIT WOULD BE NOWHERE NEAR OBAMA’S DEFICIT OF
NOWHERE NEAR OBAMA’S DEFICIT OF $400 MILLION.
$400 MILLION. HE HAS KEPT THAT PROMISE.
HE HAS KEPT THAT PROMISE. THEY’RE GOING RUN A TRILLION
THEY’RE GOING RUN A TRILLION DOLLAR DEFICIT THIS YEAR.
DOLLAR DEFICIT THIS YEAR. THAT’S NOWHERE NEAR WHAT OBAMA
THAT’S NOWHERE NEAR WHAT OBAMA DID IN HIS LAST YEAR.
DID IN HIS LAST YEAR. I AGREE.
I AGREE. THEY’RE GOING HAVE TO TURN AND
THEY’RE GOING HAVE TO TURN AND RUN.
RUN. BUT IN THE END, RIGHT, THE BILL
BUT IN THE END, RIGHT, THE BILL WILL COME DUE.
WILL COME DUE. AND THE HORRIBLE THING ABOUT
AND THE HORRIBLE THING ABOUT THIS IS JUST LAST WEEK, THE
THIS IS JUST LAST WEEK, THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, THE
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, THE REPUBLICAN HOUSE PASSED A
REPUBLICAN HOUSE PASSED A SO-CALLED FARM BILL THAT CUT
SO-CALLED FARM BILL THAT CUT FOOD STAMPS, BECAUSE WE DON’T
FOOD STAMPS, BECAUSE WE DON’T HAVE ENOUGH MONEY TO PUT FOOD ON
HAVE ENOUGH MONEY TO PUT FOOD ON THE TABLE OF THE PEOPLE IN THIS
THE TABLE OF THE PEOPLE IN THIS COUNTRY WHO LACK IT.
COUNTRY WHO LACK IT. BUT WE HAD A TRILLION DOLLARS
BUT WE HAD A TRILLION DOLLARS FOR TAX CUTS THAT ARE RUNG UP
FOR TAX CUTS THAT ARE RUNG UP THE FEDERAL DEBT.
THE FEDERAL DEBT. THAT’S JUST A HORRIBLE SET OF
THAT’S JUST A HORRIBLE SET OF CHOICE.
CHOICE. >> AND DAVID, THE LARGEST
>> AND DAVID, THE LARGEST FOREIGN HOLDER OF OUR NATIONAL
FOREIGN HOLDER OF OUR NATIONAL DEBT, WHICH YOU CAN HOLD SIMPLY
DEBT, WHICH YOU CAN HOLD SIMPLY BY BUYING TREASURY BONDS IS OF
BY BUYING TREASURY BONDS IS OF COURSE CHINA.
COURSE CHINA. SO THIS -- AS THIS DEBT GOES UP,
SO THIS -- AS THIS DEBT GOES UP, AS IT BECOMES MORE BURDENSOME
AS IT BECOMES MORE BURDENSOME HERE IN THE UNITED STATES, CHINA
HERE IN THE UNITED STATES, CHINA GAINS MORE AND MORE LEVERAGE AND
GAINS MORE AND MORE LEVERAGE AND CONTROL OVER THE PRESIDENT.
CONTROL OVER THE PRESIDENT. >> THIS IS DONALD TRUMP’S BIG
>> THIS IS DONALD TRUMP’S BIG CON.
CON. YOU PLAYED IT OVER AND OVER
YOU PLAYED IT OVER AND OVER AGAIN.
AGAIN. HE MADE A PROMISE, AND HE CAUGHT
HE MADE A PROMISE, AND HE CAUGHT THE HEADLINES.
THE HEADLINES. HE WILL GET RID OF THE DEBT AND
HE WILL GET RID OF THE DEBT AND HAVE SMALLER DEFICITS.
HAVE SMALLER DEFICITS. WELL, YOU KNOW, THE BILL WILL
WELL, YOU KNOW, THE BILL WILL COME DUE.
COME DUE. BUT WE’RE LIVING IN A TIME NOW
BUT WE’RE LIVING IN A TIME NOW WHERE THERE WILL BE NO
WHERE THERE WILL BE NO ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF THAT.
ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF THAT. TRUMP WILL NEVER ACKNOWLEDGE THE
TRUMP WILL NEVER ACKNOWLEDGE THE REAL NUMBERS.
REAL NUMBERS. THE REPUBLICANS WILL NEVER
THE REPUBLICANS WILL NEVER ACKNOWLEDGE THE REAL NUMBERS.
ACKNOWLEDGE THE REAL NUMBERS. WHERE ARE THE BOB DOLES OF THE
WHERE ARE THE BOB DOLES OF THE WORLD?
WORLD? THEY’VE GONE AWAY.
THEY’VE GONE AWAY. NO REPUBLICAN CARES ABOUT THE
NO REPUBLICAN CARES ABOUT THE DEFICIT ANYMORE.
DEFICIT ANYMORE. AND EVEN NOW, THE HOUSE
AND EVEN NOW, THE HOUSE REPUBLICANS HAVE SAID THAT COME
REPUBLICANS HAVE SAID THAT COME THE FALL, THEY ARE GOING TO PASS
THE FALL, THEY ARE GOING TO PASS OR TRY TO PASS ANOTHER TAX BILL
OR TRY TO PASS ANOTHER TAX BILL THAT WOULD MAKE PERMANENT SOME
THAT WOULD MAKE PERMANENT SOME OF THE TAX CUTS IN THE PREVIOUS
OF THE TAX CUTS IN THE PREVIOUS TAX BILL, AND THAT WOULD EVEN
TAX BILL, AND THAT WOULD EVEN EXPLODE THE DEFICIT AND THE DEBT
EXPLODE THE DEFICIT AND THE DEBT MUCH MORE THAN IN THE NUMBERS
MUCH MORE THAN IN THE NUMBERS THAT CAME OUT TODAY.
THAT CAME OUT TODAY. SO THEY ARE NOT DOING ANYTHING
SO THEY ARE NOT DOING ANYTHING EXCEPT COMPLAINING ABOUT
EXCEPT COMPLAINING ABOUT SPENDING, BECAUSE THAT’S THE
SPENDING, BECAUSE THAT’S THE WHOLE GOAL HERE.
WHOLE GOAL HERE. THEY’RE GOING TO USE THIS DEBT
THEY’RE GOING TO USE THIS DEBT TO SAY, WELL, WE CAN’T SPEND
TO SAY, WELL, WE CAN’T SPEND MONEY ON THE FOOD STAMPS THAT
MONEY ON THE FOOD STAMPS THAT YOU JUST MENTIONED.
YOU JUST MENTIONED. WE’RE GOING HAVE TO SQUEEZE
WE’RE GOING HAVE TO SQUEEZE MEDICARE AND SOCIAL SECURITY
MEDICARE AND SOCIAL SECURITY BECAUSE WE’RE GOING TO HAVE TO
BECAUSE WE’RE GOING TO HAVE TO BE PAYING FOR SERVICING THE
BE PAYING FOR SERVICING THE DEBT.
DEBT. >> AND ANYONE UP THERE HOZWHO HA
>> AND ANYONE UP THERE HOZWHO HA HAD CREDIT CARD DEBT, THIS
HAD CREDIT CARD DEBT, THIS BEHAVES LIKE CREDIT CARD DEBT.
BEHAVES LIKE CREDIT CARD DEBT. IT’S THE MOST EXPENSIVE KIND OF
IT’S THE MOST EXPENSIVE KIND OF DEBT YOU CAN ENCOUNTER.
DEBT YOU CAN ENCOUNTER. AS THIS DEBT GOES UP, THE
AS THIS DEBT GOES UP, THE INTEREST ON THE DEBT GOES UP
INTEREST ON THE DEBT GOES UP DRAMATICALLY.
DRAMATICALLY. AND, RON, THAT INTEREST ON THE
AND, RON, THAT INTEREST ON THE DEBT EATS UP IN THE BUDGET EVERY
DEBT EATS UP IN THE BUDGET EVERY YEAR.
YEAR. NO ONE MENTIONS IT, BUT IT IS
NO ONE MENTIONS IT, BUT IT IS ONE OF THE LARGEST PIECE OF THE
ONE OF THE LARGEST PIECE OF THE BUDGET, GETTING BIGGER AND
BUDGET, GETTING BIGGER AND BIGGER EVERY YEAR.
BIGGER EVERY YEAR. AND IT’S ON TRACK TO BECOME THE
AND IT’S ON TRACK TO BECOME THE LARGEST SPENDING ITEM IN THE
LARGEST SPENDING ITEM IN THE BUDGET, DWARFING ALL OF THE
BUDGET, DWARFING ALL OF THE DISCRETIONARY SPENDING IN THE
DISCRETIONARY SPENDING IN THE BUDGET.
BUDGET. AND WHAT THAT MEANS IS IT WIPES
AND WHAT THAT MEANS IS IT WIPES OUT THAT SPENDING ON EDUCATION,
OUT THAT SPENDING ON EDUCATION, ON ALL SORTS OF PROBLEMS, ALL
ON ALL SORTS OF PROBLEMS, ALL SORTS OF ISSUES OUT THERE THAT
SORTS OF ISSUES OUT THERE THAT ALL HAVE TO GO INTO BASICALLY
ALL HAVE TO GO INTO BASICALLY ZERO SPENDING MODES JUST IN
ZERO SPENDING MODES JUST IN ORDER TO PAY YOUR DEBT.
ORDER TO PAY YOUR DEBT. >> YEAH.
>> YEAH. IT SEEMS LIKE TRUMP IS RUNNING A
IT SEEMS LIKE TRUMP IS RUNNING A CONTEST BETWEEN TRYING TO RUN UP
CONTEST BETWEEN TRYING TO RUN UP THE PENTAGON BUDGET AND RUN UP
THE PENTAGON BUDGET AND RUN UP THE DEBT TO SEE WHICH NUMBER CAN
THE DEBT TO SEE WHICH NUMBER CAN BE LARGER IN OUR BUDGET.
BE LARGER IN OUR BUDGET. INTEREST PAYMENTS ON THE DEBT OR
INTEREST PAYMENTS ON THE DEBT OR INCREASINGLY LARGE PAYMENTS TO
INCREASINGLY LARGE PAYMENTS TO THE PENTAGON.
THE PENTAGON. BUT LOOK, LAWRENCE, I THINK THE
BUT LOOK, LAWRENCE, I THINK THE SCARIEST THING OF ALL IS WE’RE
SCARIEST THING OF ALL IS WE’RE SEEING THESE KINDS OF NUMBERS AT
SEEING THESE KINDS OF NUMBERS AT A TIME OF RELATIVE PROSPERITY.
A TIME OF RELATIVE PROSPERITY. SOONER OR LATER, THE BUSINESS
SOONER OR LATER, THE BUSINESS CYCLE WILL TURN.
CYCLE WILL TURN. AND IF TRUMP KEEPS PRESSING
AND IF TRUMP KEEPS PRESSING THESE TARIFFS, IT WILL TURN
THESE TARIFFS, IT WILL TURN SOONER RATHER THAN LATER.
SOONER RATHER THAN LATER. AND THAT MEANS THAT THE DEFICIT
AND THAT MEANS THAT THE DEFICIT WILL JUST EXPLODE EVEN MORE.
WILL JUST EXPLODE EVEN MORE. WE’LL SEE THE TRUMP RECESSION.
WE’LL SEE THE TRUMP RECESSION. IT WILL COME.
IT WILL COME. AND THEN THESE NUMBERS WILL LOOK
AND THEN THESE NUMBERS WILL LOOK WORSE AND WORSE AND WORSE.
WORSE AND WORSE AND WORSE. AND THE GOVERNMENT WILL BE OUT
AND THE GOVERNMENT WILL BE OUT OF DRY FISCAL POWDER TO TRY TO
OF DRY FISCAL POWDER TO TRY TO STIMULATE THE ECONOMY OR DO
STIMULATE THE ECONOMY OR DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT.
SOMETHING ABOUT IT. TONIGHT’S NEWS IS BAD.
TONIGHT’S NEWS IS BAD. BUT THE FUTURE NEWS IS EVEN
BUT THE FUTURE NEWS IS EVEN WORSE.
WORSE. >> IT’S A VERY DIFFICULT SUBJECT
>> IT’S A VERY DIFFICULT SUBJECT TO RUN CAMPAIGNS ON BECAUSE THE
TO RUN CAMPAIGNS ON BECAUSE THE PUBLIC DOES NOT EASILY GRASP IT.
PUBLIC DOES NOT EASILY GRASP IT. AND IT DOESN’T HAVE ANY OF THE
AND IT DOESN’T HAVE ANY OF THE EXCITEMENT OF SOME OF THE OTHER
EXCITEMENT OF SOME OF THE OTHER THINGS THAT COME OUT IN THE
THINGS THAT COME OUT IN THE COURSE OF A DAY, ESPECIALLY THE